README.md, before:

<h1 align=center><a href = "http://mlh-jaipur.azurewebsites.net/">
 <img align=center width="25%" src="https://github.com/psifrous/Kryptonic/blob/master/images/KRYPTONIC.png" /></a>
</h1>

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)] 
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/psifrous/Kryptonic)]
[![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/psifrous/Kryptonic)]

<p align="center">
 <li>
A digital cryptocurrency investment webApp which will help you decide in which coin to invest based on its history and trends, using machine learning on it.</li>
 <li> When the user enters the coin he wants to invest in and the time for which he/she wants to invest, we train a personalized Prophet model on our Microsoft Azure machine and predict net profit in the form of <b>Kryptons</b>:diamond_shape_with_a_dot_inside:!! We can also compare multiple coins and show the best one to invest in. Everthing happens realtime in just a matter of some seconds!!!⏱️</li>
<li><b>Kryptons</b>:diamond_shape_with_a_dot_inside:: It is statistical value developed by our team which tells us the confidence of investment, Higher the number of Kryptons, Higher is your chance of a good investment!</li>
</p>

## Project information ℹ️
- **Project Name**: Kryptonic
- **Short Project Description**: _A digital cryptocurrency investment app which will help you decide in which coin to invest based on its history and trends, using machine learning on it._
- **Team Name**:Pandas 🐼
- **Team Members**: _Naman Bansal [@psifrous](https://github.com/psifrous), Swapnil Panwala [@panwalas](https://github.com/panwalas), Aniket Chowdhury [@aniket-chow](https://github.com/aniket-chow), Sahil Khandelwal [@sahilinjaipur](https://github.com/sahilinjaipur)_
- **Repository Link**: https://github.com/psifrous/Kryptonic
- **Labels**: Microsoft, Azure, Facebook, Machine Learning, MLH, cryptocurrency,cryptocompare, blockchain, influence the masses,webapp, Time series
<h1 align=center><a href = "http://mlh-jaipur.azurewebsites.net/">
 <img align=center width="25%" src="https://github.com/psifrous/Kryptonic/blob/master/images/click.png" /></a>
</h1>

## Platforms used 📦
<h3 align=center>
 <img align=center width="20%" src="https://github.com/psifrous/Kryptonic/blob/master/images/azure.png" />
</h3>
This project was fully developed on the Azure platform


- WebApp module of Azure to host the website(webapp) which is available at **http://mlh-jaipur.azurewebsites.net/**
- Virtual Machine to keep our ML Model running on the cloud.

<h3 align=center>
 <img align=center width="20%" src="https://github.com/psifrous/Kryptonic/blob/master/images/prophet.png" />
</h3>
<p align=center> Our ML algorithm is based upon Facebook's Prophet algorithm.Prophet tries to capture the seasonality in the past data and works well when the dataset is large.</p>

## Project Synposis ⚛️

Ever had a thought of investing money in a smart way?<br>
Sshhh🤫! We have a solution!

***Current Opportunity 🚀***<br>
There are numerous ways to invest in a stock market... But! Don't you think it's differs from region to region and the market is quite saturated and common?<br>
So we came up with **Kryptonic** a unique webApp that lets you compare different cryptocurrencies and suggests a personalised cryptocurrency for a given amount of time, based upon a Machine learning model... and all of it happens real-time!</n><br>

## Contributors ✨

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/psifrous"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/36012704?s=460&v=4" width="100px;" alt="Naman Bansal"/><br /><sub><b>Naman Bansal</b></sub></a><br />
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/panwalas"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/39371808?s=460&v=4" width="100px;" alt="Swapnil Panwalas"/><br /><sub><b>Swapnil Panwala</b></sub></a><br />
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/aniket-chow"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/24915107?s=400&v=4" width="100px;" alt="Aniket Chowdhury"/><br /><sub><b>Aniket Chowdhury</b></sub></a><br />
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/sahilinjaipur"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/44058530?s=460&v=4" width="100px;" alt="Sahil Khandelwal"/><br /><sub><b>Sahil Khandelwal</b></sub></a><br />
 </tr>
</table>

🔥This project was made for lnmhacks hackathon held at LNMIIT, Jaipur.

Commit message:

Adding Tech Stack and local deployment details

README.md, after:

<h1 align=center><a href = "http://mlh-jaipur.azurewebsites.net/">
 <img align=center width="25%" src="https://github.com/psifrous/Kryptonic/blob/master/images/KRYPTONIC.png" /></a>
</h1>

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)] 
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/psifrous/Kryptonic)]
[![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/psifrous/Kryptonic)]

<p align="center">
 <li>
A digital cryptocurrency investment webApp which will help you decide in which coin to invest based on its history and trends, using machine learning on it.</li>
 <li> When the user enters the coin he wants to invest in and the time for which he/she wants to invest, we train a personalized Prophet model on our Microsoft Azure machine and predict net profit in the form of <b>Kryptons</b>:diamond_shape_with_a_dot_inside:!! We can also compare multiple coins and show the best one to invest in. Everthing happens realtime in just a matter of some seconds!!!⏱️</li>
<li><b>Kryptons</b>:diamond_shape_with_a_dot_inside:: It is statistical value developed by our team which tells us the confidence of investment, Higher the number of Kryptons, Higher is your chance of a good investment!</li>
</p>

## Project information ℹ️
- **Project Name**: Kryptonic
- **Short Project Description**: _A digital cryptocurrency investment app which will help you decide in which coin to invest based on its history and trends, using machine learning on it._
- **Team Name**:Pandas 🐼
- **Team Members**: _Naman Bansal [@psifrous](https://github.com/psifrous), Swapnil Panwala [@panwalas](https://github.com/panwalas), Aniket Chowdhury [@aniket-chow](https://github.com/aniket-chow), Sahil Khandelwal [@sahilinjaipur](https://github.com/sahilinjaipur)_
- **Repository Link**: https://github.com/psifrous/Kryptonic
- **Labels**: Microsoft, Azure, Facebook, Machine Learning, MLH, cryptocurrency,cryptocompare, blockchain, influence the masses,webapp, Time series
<h1 align=center><a href = "http://mlh-jaipur.azurewebsites.net/">
 <img align=center width="25%" src="https://github.com/psifrous/Kryptonic/blob/master/images/click.png" /></a>
</h1>

## Platforms used 📦
<h3 align=center>
 <img align=center width="20%" src="https://github.com/psifrous/Kryptonic/blob/master/images/azure.png" />
</h3>
This project was fully developed on the Azure platform


- WebApp module of Azure to host the website(webapp) which is available at **http://mlh-jaipur.azurewebsites.net/**
- Virtual Machine to keep our ML Model running on the cloud using Flask at 13.90.227.9
- The FrontEnd was built using Facebook's ReactJS
- The is on Azure is being done by Node's Express Server

<h3 align=center>
 <img align=center width="20%" src="https://github.com/psifrous/Kryptonic/blob/master/images/prophet.png" />
</h3>
<p align=center> Our ML algorithm is based upon Facebook's Prophet algorithm.Prophet tries to capture the seasonality in the past data and works well when the dataset is large.</p>

## Project Synposis ⚛️

Ever had a thought of investing money in a smart way?<br>
Sshhh🤫! We have a solution!

***Current Opportunity 🚀***<br>
There are numerous ways to invest in a stock market... But! Don't you think it's differs from region to region and the market is quite saturated and common?<br>
So we came up with **Kryptonic** a unique webApp that lets you compare different cryptocurrencies and suggests a personalised cryptocurrency for a given amount of time, based upon a Machine learning model... and all of it happens real-time!</n><br>

## Local Deployment
The project can be locally deployed using `nodemon index.js` in node-server folder after installing the required dependencies.

## Contributors ✨

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/psifrous"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/36012704?s=460&v=4" width="100px;" alt="Naman Bansal"/><br /><sub><b>Naman Bansal</b></sub></a><br />
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/panwalas"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/39371808?s=460&v=4" width="100px;" alt="Swapnil Panwalas"/><br /><sub><b>Swapnil Panwala</b></sub></a><br />
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/aniket-chow"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/24915107?s=400&v=4" width="100px;" alt="Aniket Chowdhury"/><br /><sub><b>Aniket Chowdhury</b></sub></a><br />
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/sahilinjaipur"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/44058530?s=460&v=4" width="100px;" alt="Sahil Khandelwal"/><br /><sub><b>Sahil Khandelwal</b></sub></a><br />
 </tr>
</table>

🔥This project was made for lnmhacks hackathon held at LNMIIT, Jaipur.
